gh-123858: Improve Doc: SyntaxWarning is emitted during bytecode generation (#122844)
python/cpython: Doc/library/exceptions.rst

   Base class for warnings about dubious syntax.

>    This warning is emitted when compiling Python source code to bytecode.

Reviewer: I think this is too strong - we probably don't want to commit to only using this exception type in the compilation process. You can write an application that raises these exceptions if you want.

Author: How about this?
By default, the Python interpreter emits the `SyntaxWarning` during bytecode compilation.

Reviewer: That's not in the language spec either.

Author: I can't find a suitable word to describe the current behavior.

Reviewer: That's the thing, we don't document "current behaviour". We document what we guarantee will not change without a deprecation process. 

The point of your PR is to alert people that compilation errors don't show up when the code is not being compiled. This may be worth mentioning in one of the tutorials (I'm not sure which), but I don't think the SyntaxError documentation is the right place for this.

Author: I understand your concern that this document introduces some unofficially committed behavior for SyntaxWarning. I'm okay with leaving it here and waiting for more comments.

I searched the repository and found the following:

> SyntaxWarning are only emitted once, and only when a Python file is parsed: when a cached PYC file is used, not warning is emitted -------https://github.com/python/cpython/pull/99011#issuecomment-1301353061

> The problem is the warnings are only shown once, when the file is compiled.  
>
> Things would probably be improved if the warnings were always shown, as at least then devs will see the error once (although most will probably be confused when the warning doesn't repeat). --https://github.com/python/cpython/issues/77093#issuecomment-1093777501

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   This warning is typically emitted when compiling Python source code, and usually won't be reported
   when running already compiled code.
```

A less definitive phrasing that allows for runtime use while warning readers not to expect it.

Reviewer 2: That said, I'd actually be OK with the more definitive phrasing: https://github.com/python/cpython/issues/130378#issuecomment-3218428453

Author: Updated.
